README.rst, before:

========
Overview
========

.. start-badges

.. list-table::
    :stub-columns: 1

    * - docs
      - |docs|
    * - tests
      - | |travis| |appveyor| |requires|
        | |coveralls|

.. |docs| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/py-deployer/badge/?style=flat
    :target: https://readthedocs.org/projects/py-deployer
    :alt: Documentation Status

.. |travis| image:: https://travis-ci.org/jbenden/deployer.svg?branch=master
    :alt: Travis-CI Build Status
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/jbenden/deployer

.. |appveyor| image:: https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/jbenden/deployer?branch=master&svg=true
    :alt: AppVeyor Build Status
    :target: https://ci.appveyor.com/project/jbenden/deployer

.. |requires| image:: https://requires.io/github/jbenden/deployer/requirements.svg?branch=master
    :alt: Requirements Status
    :target: https://requires.io/github/jbenden/deployer/requirements/?branch=master

.. |coveralls| image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/jbenden/deployer/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github
    :alt: Coverage Status
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/jbenden/deployer

.. end-badges

Local+CI+CD Made Easy!

* Free software: Apache Software License 2.0

Installation
============

::

    pip install deployer

Documentation
=============

https://py-deployer.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

Development
===========

To run the all tests run::

    tox

Note, to combine the coverage data from all the tox environments run:

.. list-table::
    :widths: 10 90
    :stub-columns: 1

    - - Windows
      - ::

            set PYTEST_ADDOPTS=--cov-append
            tox

    - - Other
      - ::

            PYTEST_ADDOPTS=--cov-append tox

Commit message:

Added project features to README file.

README.rst, after:

========
Overview
========

.. start-badges

.. list-table::
    :stub-columns: 1

    * - docs
      - |docs|
    * - tests
      - | |travis| |appveyor| |requires|
        | |coveralls|

.. |docs| image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/py-deployer/badge/?style=flat
    :target: https://readthedocs.org/projects/py-deployer
    :alt: Documentation Status

.. |travis| image:: https://travis-ci.org/jbenden/deployer.svg?branch=master
    :alt: Travis-CI Build Status
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/jbenden/deployer

.. |appveyor| image:: https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/github/jbenden/deployer?branch=master&svg=true
    :alt: AppVeyor Build Status
    :target: https://ci.appveyor.com/project/jbenden/deployer

.. |requires| image:: https://requires.io/github/jbenden/deployer/requirements.svg?branch=master
    :alt: Requirements Status
    :target: https://requires.io/github/jbenden/deployer/requirements/?branch=master

.. |coveralls| image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/jbenden/deployer/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github
    :alt: Coverage Status
    :target: https://coveralls.io/github/jbenden/deployer

.. end-badges

Local+CI+CD Made Easy!

* Free software: Apache Software License 2.0

Features
========

- Project strives for pipelines being similar in spirit to Ansible playbooks/roles.
- A wide range of Python versions are supported: 2.7, 3.4, 3.5, 3.6, 3.7, PyPy, and PyPy3.
- Automatic schema validation; however, Jinja templating is not validated until run-time of the pipeline.
- Pipeline stages (named group of tasks), including arbitrarily nested ones.
- Matrix driven pipelines, including arbitrarily nested ones.
- Command and Shell script execution; supporting inline, templated inline, and/or external tools.

  - Support for Bourne, Bash, CMD.EXE, and PowerShell 2.x or newer.
  - Support for automatic retry, on failures.
  - Support for silent output, unless Command/Shell fails.

- Support for conditional task execution.
- Environment variables.
- Template variables.
- Filter execution of tags and/or Matrix tags.
- Support for recursive Jinj2 templating.
- All execution times are tracked and reported; at all possible nested levels of the running pipeline.
- Support for various logging levels

Installation
============

::

    pip install deployer

Documentation
=============

https://py-deployer.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

Development
===========

To run the all tests run::

    tox

Note, to combine the coverage data from all the tox environments run:

.. list-table::
    :widths: 10 90
    :stub-columns: 1

    - - Windows
      - ::

            set PYTEST_ADDOPTS=--cov-append
            tox

    - - Other
      - ::

            PYTEST_ADDOPTS=--cov-append tox
